[#10094] docs: optimize rocksdb's delta encoding for YugabyteDB key format (#10437)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/reference/configuration/yb-tserver.md

Default: `true`

##### --regular_tablets_data_block_key_value_encoding

Key-value encoding to use for regular data blocks in RocksDB. Possible options: `shared_prefix`, `three_shared_parts`.

Default: `shared_prefix`

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> Only change this flag to `three_shared_parts` after migration the whole cluster to the YugabyteDB version that supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only change this flag to `three_shared_parts` after you migrate the whole cluster to the YugabyteDB version that supports it.
```
